[Music]
why is this pocket all right
yeah it's a shitty jacket bro it's made
by scott
can we just get a bird for the office so
we can put on our ass i think we should
get a cold one's mascot animal
he looks like a director in that chair
can we get one of those things that you
clip cleary when you get a clapper get
your beret you want a clapper bro what
are they what are they directors red
berries are they called berets you just
said that bro
[Music]
i think they only wear braids when
they're making a french movie bro
we i don't think
bro let's make a vid there's nothing
enough
[Music]
directors be like i'm have a burqa on
okay welcome to another video that's not
podcast or talk show related
we drink beer the end give us money on
patreon
[Laughter]
today we are going to be
today i'm eating hot hamburgers can i
just clean your glasses bothering me
welcome to another video that's not a
podcast
max
gets bored and spends all his patreon
money on ebay and he's bought a bunch of
jinky drinking apparatus in games for us
you didn't say you got a bunch of [__]
stuff did ya
listen bro
i got i got a bunch of stuff here you
could have taken that out of the box
all right put on your lap put on my lap
no i don't think i will all right let me
just shovel for random stuff just grab
one thing at a time
we've got a bunch of different drinking
apparatus gadgets apparatuses let's call
them gadgets what are we going to call
it the title
the inspector gadget
what are we going to quickly the actor
who played inspector gadget on the
podcast yeah and he can have go go
gadget big arms to get the grogs
that'll be sweet
prezzo edit that in
i make my arm long like inspect a gadget
go go gadget oh put a racist flag behind
and make it look like he's sea kaling
[Music]
what do you want first bro this hat yeah
let's have one each we gotta we got this
grab your one helmet number one is
helmets
[Music]
this is drinking gadget one
so each of them have a nice little
novelty gag
uh
play on words do they both have that
what's that that just says
wasted
this one says first aid
i have aids
i'm gonna put this on my head
i can't get it on my head there's a bird
on my head
shall we start off with these and try to
chuck a couple drinks in there
yeah
hey yuri would you be kind and assistant
to put our grogs in our helmet and put
the straws in please all right so our
intern yuri who will is that not doesn't
get paid a lot of money will now do our
thing
all right i'm gonna read the tag on this
real quick
it says
place cool refreshing beverage in
drinking hat so they're officially
called drinking hats
man what an original name may also be
used in case of festivals dullness or
sudden parties
[Music]
a gold coast airbnb could soon be
forcibly shut down but residents did
find this a video of a sexpo promotional
party posted online
[Applause]
have a spontaneous party this doesn't
seem practical it feels like it's gonna
like if i just like tip too far it'll
just fall out i actually used one of
these
a while ago yeah this one and the
problem while i don't think we really
have used anything else besides this
thing but the problem was there's a bird
on my head once it started flowing you
couldn't [__] stop it yeah like you
can't stop it you can't really pinch it
you have to drink the whole can now put
drinks in head
okay
sorry it's got a warning on the on the
front here this says
warning this is not a protective helmet
just in case you're gonna wear this on
the work site like a [__]
all right all right suit him up
someone put this on me bro he's got such
a big head i have a massive head in fact
a lot of hats i buy don't fit me i just
throw them in the bin i feel sorry for
my mother
so instead of cheering we cheers our
straws ready we cheers our heads it's
equipped yeah we're just gonna [__] that
are you ready cheers heads
cheers
mine is leaking from the top actually
hmm
ah
i'm squirting
i'm just gonna watch
oh you got it working yeah a lot
you're leaking bro just drink some of it
it's leaking all over you you're
[__] wait bro
i'm going to position your head now suck
keep sucking get all the chunks out it
tastes like old [__] style [__] i'll
keep going to wash out the straw with
more grog keep going you're gonna keep
going you keep going like five more
mouthfuls you like
to weigh it down keep let make your head
yeah there you go wait let me just
there yep keep going you're good now now
pinch it off pinch off the tip kind of
like you know now squeeze it just keep
squeeze it harder squeeze it harder
hmm it'd kind of do be like that this
isn't too bad i can see this working if
i had a strap around my head i could see
myself definitely casually walking
around the house drinking from these
i would get a cup like a normal human
being hmm
review one of them could you must be the
spray and the paper towel there so i can
clean up the
mess next to skog
let me just check that uber eats oh [__]
they said they have arrived 60 times
what's his name
yeah he's got a bird on his head all
right drinking apparatus okay next thing
grab the next thing out
you want the next one bro how about we
do a quick shot before we get the next
one over and done with more
what about this one oh it's pretty this
is a basic one
the principle is
you put a shot in it and then the bottom
part has a little hand
and you spin it around
probably i would ideally
a group of people at a table whoever it
lands on has to do the shot
i i have a simple solution
one size fits all how about that
damn chad you have a massive brain i
don't know my brain is just high
functioning well looks like i have to
drink
scott can he get a bedside view of it
one point bottoms up
[Music]
not bad are we saying what we're
drinking we're pretending it's water i
mean water is lit just can you get a
bird's eye view of this spinning please
that's that
you're leaking
no movement
you gotta
drink boys there's not much in there
chad oh i can top you up if you want
yeah give me more i'll give you more
man smoking like a true alcoholic you
sound like my father
[__] me up bro don't tip your head back
these i'm taking these off they're just
problematic you can only take them off
when you finish in that case i will
finish it very quickly there's gonna be
vomit today he has finally delivered
hey brother
hot dog
[Applause]
this is part of the video so how's your
life
yeah not bad steady decline
hamburger
next up
i have
the drinking horn
it's just a piece of garbage made of
plastic it does look like just complete
garbage why is there a strap for it ah
it's you keep to keep your grog on you
bro but if it's strapped to me it's just
gonna leak
yeah there's a kind of like a leaking
issue with almost all of these products
someone fill up chad's wall can i get a
fill on the horn maybe a beer have a
bite of your burger i want to test taste
it
scott
hamburger
i'm going to take the rope off of this
is that okay so you have to try it with
the with the whole thing on
i'll try all right i'll do it i'll put
the rope on you can literally see the
the brush strokes
that's [__] look on the inside you can
see it more yeah it's just horrible it's
just absolutely horrible a piece of
plastic it's just garbage it's just a
piece of garbage all right now drop it
no
now fill it up like that i'm not
fill it up man
let it hang bro it's hanging bro hang
loose brother all right you ready i'm
about to drink drink it and then let it
hang
okay
i just ate i just did alcohol
yeah did you drink the whole thing i
left a little bit in there how much is
in that how much do you think that is i
went down to like here like a half a
glass
[__] off
because like the horn gets smaller as it
goes down but i drank it to here so
there's probably like this much left in
it this [__] [__] sucks let's get a
better one
what is this
drinko it's like plinko which is a game
right i think we drop the thingies down
yeah um but
wherever the little thing lands whatever
shot glass is what you have to drink
okay so you can fill them with different
things so we'll put something to light
in there and then we'll move our way up
to something really strong we take turns
and see
who gets what this sounds like fun i'm
excited for this one trinko's shop game
includes six shot glasses colored chips
and a playing board with acrylic color a
cover sorry
instructions included not included not
and not intended for children
and now it's a different language
no i'm just kidding
i'm just kidding i can't read
i can't read chinese guys i'm just
kidding all right five was pretty weak
so i'll put fireball on the scale down
low all right what the [__] are these
kilo that is definitely up the top the
gin is pretty weak that is vodka
man how come we got so much alcohol in
this office
no i'm starting to think i have a
problem yuri make sure you get product
shots bro as i'm opening it bro zoom in
do something
come on bro come one two
three
four five six so tequila is definitely
the worst thing to drink after tequila
i'd say
whiskey
gin which is like okay tolerable
fireball is very tolerable and it's not
that strong but it just tastes good
then soju and then the drink so this is
the strongest this is the weakest okay
so let's pour these shots can you pass
me one please am i actually opening up a
15 year old this is like a hundred
dollar bottle yeah [__] who cares
we have patreon money
that money goes towards our alcoholism
ah that smells so good that makes me
want to drink whiskey again can you pass
me the next shot glass what the [__] is
dirty why is it all dusty it's just oh
that is factory dust
it looks like someone came in it that's
disgusting
could you please wash this no it's fine
we're animals bro it's probably some
chinese [__] asbestos
it's an added bonus
fireball shot pass me the water
or coke cocoa water coke or water water
what is funnier what is funnier
what a way to open the game
all right who will go first me your
purposes are off to see who goes first
not behind here get the camera all right
see how we got paper scissors i say
papers is wrong okay
paper scissors
paper scissors rock all right i go first
oh do you want to go first because you
want your pick i will go
first all right here we go
what did it land in
water
axel
yes it's actually on water that sucks
that makes no sense that's rigged i'm
hydrated do these suck so much that you
can project where they land okay let's
try it let's let's see if you dropped in
this one right yeah i dropped in this
one
yep you got that one did it so i get the
soju all right it's your turn
all right well i'm gonna continue to
follow the same method let's see if this
works again
if this goes out of bounds is it free i
think if it's out of bounds you get a no
that sucks if it's out of bounds you
have to go again no it's your turn bro
no if you go out of bounds now it's your
turn bro your turn bro no out of bounds
you're going to go again
what's this one this is the gin oh this
is the asbestos glass
this sucks pass me this bottle of coke i
need a chaser for the [__] literal
bits of glass that's about to go on my
[__] stomach
this sucks yes
that's free bro
yes jeff got another one
you're gonna get [__] up bro
all right i'm gonna go in
thank god i have to do the whispers
right there oh man whiskey shot was
dreading me
oh my god
[Applause]
oh
you're all right bro
[Music]
oh oh
oh you're right
let's just keep dropping it in here all
right until someone gets it
yes
no no you
says no no nudge bro sorry bro
it's trinko rules bro can i sit on this
for a bit right you know give me martyr
you're right before i do this absolutely
not you have to speak up i'm eating
burger
you have to speak up i'm eating a dim
sim
we made dim sims which nationality i
think his name was dim sim and he's
korean sounds asian put a dim sim fact
up on screen
[Applause]
you might better do exactly what you're
telling me but not rebel
and put a bunch of that horrible [__] in
[Music]
electric button
or what do you shove your finger in and
electrocutes you i think oh this is a
drinking game shocking roulette you like
roulette oh crowd casino okay you've
sparked my interest electric shock game
of chance the shocking roulette reloaded
because they probably made a shitty
man now with adjustable shock
it needs batteries does it come with
them
okay next
item you know what i'm taking this
[__] helmet off all right i might do
that mine too just so it doesn't happen
it looks like his head's being cut open
like frankenstein yeah man i'm a human
too bro put a bolt through his head bro
the bomb lord
all right shock game how we do it says
victim on it it says victims
chad i'm scared bro come on put your
finger in shove it right at the back is
it full volume oh i'm so scared i hate
this so much [__] you ready ready
[__] hate this dude
whoever loses to a shot of soju
what hurry up
that's very strong
that's so strong
oh okay all right you get the first one
thank you bro
it's just two you ready okay
[Music]
[Laughter]
oh
yeah bro it's over
i would rather risk i would rather have
the risk of me taking both and just not
play again i'll tell you what if i lose
i'll scale this whole bottle
okay double or nothing double enough
except it's not he's looking to look on
his face like he has a control panel or
something
come on baby come on
[Music]
it can't be two three times a rose can
it
what's the chances of that
that last one was about 12.5 percent
chance kind of want to get shocked ah i
can't
hold up to the camera
next we
have come on man i think it might be
glass i probably shouldn't slam it we
have the upside down wine glass that's
gonna [__] our stomachs up drinking all
these different drugs i'm already seeing
the paralysis demon in the corner of the
room bro for a night of fun and laughs
it's always good to see to say to your
guest bottoms up
how much money do you spend on all these
i'll tell you that bro i'll bill you
later you bill me later you add it to
the board of expenses too mad put chad's
bank account on screen
all right so it looks like a regular
glass
right however
okay
good
but here's the catch you flip the suck
around and there's a hole in the bottom
now do me the favor chad
yeah all right here we go that looks
cool
look how it flows down at the bottom
it's actually definitely cool that's
sick i like that i think that's actually
nice
it's leaking man it's leaking shut up
bro about your glass why man
[Laughter]
all right i've got my novelty upside
down glass operating i forgot
what is this this wasn't funny why did
you do this i think it was funny i
didn't laugh
now wine connoisseurs can still still be
like i'm a massive posh
let me spin the line
can you get a full close-up of that
hmm please
don't drink it make sure you spit it out
bro
do a pg version
okay
retards be like
rich people say rich people rich retards
be like
i can smell the abundance of the wild
berries that were grown in spring on the
himalayan mountains of altamaker
that's pretty good i think
i also have low self-esteem and
i'm a massive [__]
i need to piss
all right i'll piss two then oh dude
chris griffin is sexy how old is chris
griffin
how old is stewie griffin we've got
another drinking thingy
no another golf on it's complicated no
chill bro
okay
[Music]
and they have
loose a turn is on there
hey you got any three-year-olds man
children all right we'll do it your way
because we did rock paper scissors let's
go okay rock paper scissors
all right you win i will go first okay
it's on for him
oh that's a hole in two unless you're
[__] oh my god
do half a shot
half a shot
all right here we go
[Applause]
that's what you want bro
hey man scott you too bro everyone in
the room does a shot wow
unless you're under three years old my
turn bro
oh
what's two
a
shot come on
man
let's get the interns [__] up all
right go you meant it's not all in one
that's oh [__] i'm [__] god everyone
has to do a shot man
i'm a genius
we should change the rules with a
sharpie that just says
you know what this game sucks
[Applause]
all right
um this one counts this is a gadget
read this one out the camera novelty
drinking shirts this one says i only
drink on days that start with tea
tuesday
that's one we've got thursday
today bit of a loophole i think
tomorrow
and then it gets a little [__]
saturday and sunday
which i think's making fun of the
mentally handicapped you speak with a
lisp
so we won't be endorsing that
and then we have another one here this
one what do you think what is this one
alcohol but it's an adidas symbol with
some grump bottles it's kind of clever
let's get out the next one this one's so
simple we're going back to the basics
the funnel oh man you're gonna have to
do this bro
game grumps who so he fills it up and
then on the count of three we untie our
thing so okay i'll just hold hold this
up before you put it in don't put it in
yet bro okay what you do is put in your
mouth and you gotta hold it up high but
not yet like this is [__] up
there is vomiting happening
there is vomiting happening all right
pour it in
wait don't drink it yeah it's not
drinking just gotta hold it just holding
it in my mouth
oh this looks like that that looks kind
of fresh though
chad's looks like all okay there's just
so much foam
that's pretty cheap i like sound effects
ah
all right now full thing went all the
way to the top yeah now when we undo it
we just have to suck so
yuri give us a countdown bro
three two one god
last one this is this is this one is a
doozy can you give me a pee break before
we get it out no i need the pig chat
hold it in i don't need the throttle
i need to throw up
[Applause]
is it a bottle of wine
have you seen the meme with the child
from
the commercial where she says
why not both
that's kind of what this is because if
you feel the whole thing you've got the
bottle but
you have the
[Music]
come here
i want you to drink a normal glass of
wine the thing was fun i seven glass in
my arm the glass is smashed isn't it no
it is definitely you are kicking it off
so it doesn't no
chad have a drink from this regular i'll
put it right here and i'll pick it up
when you put it there okay
i'll let go of it okay bro
where's the cut
it's all this is the last one this last
thing is this a video scott or should we
just delete the footage
do it no you could be laughing do it
ladder
do it
okay chill okay do it okay
make your dreams come true
what the [__] did you put in this
it's wine and it's not oh do you reckon
oh my god why did i do i just have a
mouth full of that what'd you pour on
top vodka do you reckon susan's on what
he poured on top in real life i tasted
pure methylated spirits trust me that
cornjack
we had hand wash up there and scott said
put the hand wash in it you did not a
little bit on top
of the corn jack please yuri just throw
the corn jack as if
you gotta wash it down with the corn i
need food after that that was disgusting
you haven't finished it i don't think i
will throw it
[Music]
are we done here yeah
thanks for watching
remember don't break it man
remember
our glasses
today
thanks for watching
what do we want to tell them to look on
screen is there something give money
patreon
subscribe
hey thank you for watching this video
i'm [__]
thanks for watching the 10 minute power
hour with
aaron and danny
[Music]
you